Created modular glossary & key concepts (#181)
validmind/documentation: site/about/glossary/key_concepts/_test-suite.qmd

test suite
: A collection of tests which are run together to generate model documentation end-to-end for specific use-cases. 

>   - e.g. The [`classifier_full_suite`](../../validmind/validmind/test_suites/classifier.html#ClassifierFullSuite) test suite runs tests from the [`tabular_dataset`](../../validmind/validmind/test_suites/tabular_datasets.html) and [`classifier`](../../validmind/validmind/test_suites/classifier.html) test suites to fully document the data and model sections for binary classification model use-cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For example, the [`classifier_full_suite`](../../validmind/validmind/test_suites/classifier.html#ClassifierFullSuite) test suite runs tests from the [`tabular_dataset`](../../validmind/validmind/test_suites/tabular_datasets.html) and [`classifier`](../../validmind/validmind/test_suites/classifier.html) test suites to fully document the data and model sections for binary classification model use-cases.
```

Author: Why do we prefer the "For example" here over the shorthand?

Reviewer: It's pretty typical for style guides to spell out words rather than to use Latin abbreviations — easier to understand for more people (and also looks cleaner). For example: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/e/eg

Author: Makes sense!
